[DOCUMENTATION][feature/otx] update explanation templates. Introduce explanation section for classification task. (#1467)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/explanation/Main_algorithms/multi_label_classification.rst

- ``Optimizer``: `Sharpness Aware Minimization (SAM) <https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06585>`_. Wrapper upon the SGD that helps to achieve better generalization minimizing simultaneously loss value and loss sharpness.

- ``Learning rate schedule``: `One Cycle Learning Rate policy <https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.07120>`_. It is the combination of gradually increasing the learning rate and gradually decreasing the momentum during the first half of the cycle, then gradually decreasing the learning rate and increasing the momentum during the latter half of the cycle.

- ``Loss function``: We use **Asymmetric Angular Margin Loss**. We can formulate this loss as follows: :math:`L_j (cos\Theta_j,y) = \frac{k}{s}y p_-^{\gamma^-}\log{p_+} + \frac{1-k}{s}(1-y)p_+^{\gamma^+}\log{p_-}`, where :math:`s` is a scale parameter, :math:`m` is an angular margin, :math:`k` is negative-positive weighting coefficient, :math:`\gamma^+` and :math:`\gamma^-` are weighting parameters. For further information about loss function, ablation studies, and experiments, please refer to our dedicated `paper <https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06585>`_.

> Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique, **Exponential Moving Average (EMA)** for the model`s weights and adaptive **early stopping** to add adaptability and prevent overfitting.

Reviewer: Link for `Exponential Moving Average (EMA)`?

Author: Unfortunately, we don't have this one, I guess.

> Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique, **Exponential Moving Average (EMA)** for the model`s weights and adaptive **early stopping** to add adaptability and prevent overfitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we use `No Bias Decay (NBD) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187>`_ technique, **Exponential Moving Average (EMA)** for the model's weights and adaptive **early stopping** to add adaptability and prevent overfitting.
```
